Update wafv2_web_acl_logging_configuration.html.markdown (#22150)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/wafv2_web_acl_logging_configuration.html.markdown

The following arguments are supported:

> * `log_destination_configs` - (Required) The Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose Amazon Resource Name (ARNs), S3 or Cloudwatch Logs groups(ARNs) that you want to associate with the web ACL. 

Reviewer: Tweaked the phrasing slightly to make it a bit more streamlined.

```suggestion
* `log_destination_configs` - (Required) The Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose, Cloudwatch Log log group, or S3 bucket Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) that you want to associate with the web ACL. 
```

Author: @justinretzolk  Thanks for your update and this looks good.
